Helia and js-ipfs stragglers (#1639)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/faq.md

For installing and initializing IPFS from the command line, check out the [command-line quick start](../how-to/command-line-quick-start.md) guide.

### How do I learn more about IPFS standards and specifications?

> You can learn more about IPFS design standards and architectural specifications at [specs.ipfs.tech](https://specs.ipfs.tech/). The IPFS Standards website documents these standards and specifcations with the goal of fotering interoperability between independent implementations of the IPFS stack through Internet-grade specifications and test suites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about IPFS design standards and architectural specifications at [specs.ipfs.tech](https://specs.ipfs.tech/). The IPFS Standards website documents these standards and specifications with the goal of fostering interoperability between independent implementations of the IPFS stack through Internet-grade specifications and test suites. 
```

You can also create your own IPFS implementation. 

### I am creating an implementation, how do I get started?

> If you would like to develop an IPFS implementation or are already working on one, the IPFS design standards and architectural specifications at [specs.ipfs.tech](https://specs.ipfs.tech/) are a great resource. In particular, the following resources are great starting points:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to develop an IPFS implementation or are already working on one, the IPFS design standards and architectural specifications at [specs.ipfs.tech](https://specs.ipfs.tech/) are a great resource. In particular, the following resources are great starting points:
```

> - [IPFS Principles](https://specs.ipfs.tech/architecture/principles/), which provides context and details around the core IPFS principles of content-addressing and transport-agnosticity. The document defines what is or is not an IPFS implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IPFS Principles](https://specs.ipfs.tech/architecture/principles/) provides context and details around the core IPFS principles of content-addressing and transport-agnosticism. The document defines what is or is not an IPFS implementation.
```

> - The [Meta](https://specs.ipfs.tech/meta/) section, which describes important non-technical information for contributors like what core project values, the governance model, how to produce documents, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Meta](https://specs.ipfs.tech/meta/) section describes important non-technical information for contributors, like the core project values, the governance model, how to produce documents, and more. 
```

> - [InterPlanetary Improvement Proposals (IPIPs)](https://specs.ipfs.tech/meta/ipip-process/) are a focused, transparent, communit-driven process for protocol design discussions. They are not changes to the specification itself, but their approval leads to a change in the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [InterPlanetary Improvement Proposals (IPIPs)](https://specs.ipfs.tech/meta/ipip-process/) are a focused, transparent, community-driven process for protocol design discussions. They are not changes to the specification itself, but their approval leads to a change in the specification.
```

> In addition to these core documentats, `specs.ipfs.tech` documents standards for IPFS subsystems such as [InterPlanetary Naming System](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/) and [HTTP Gateways](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these core documents, `specs.ipfs.tech` documents standards for IPFS subsystems such as the [InterPlanetary Naming System](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/) and [HTTP Gateways](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/).
```
